Add md for faqs (#194)
microsoft/autogen: TRANSPARENCY_FAQS.md

-	Trust and reliance: The framework leverages human understanding and intelligence while providing automation through conversations between agents. It is important to consider the impact of this interaction on user experience, trust, and reliance on AI systems. Clear communication and user education about the capabilities and limitations of the system will be essential.
-	Security & unintended consequences: The use of multi-agent conversations and automation in complex tasks may have unintended consequences. Especially, allowing LLM agents to make changes in external environments through code execution or function calls, such as install packages, could pose significant risks. Developers should carefully consider the potential risks and ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to prevent harm or negative outcomes, including keeping a human in the loop for decision making.

## What operational factors and settings allow for effective and responsible use of AutoGen?

> -	Code execution: AutoGen configured by default to docker containers so that code execution can happen in a safer manner. Users can use function call instead of free-form code to execute pre-defined functions only. That helps increase the reliability and safety. Users can customize the code execution environment to tailor to their requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Code execution: AutoGen recommends using docker containers so that code execution can happen in a safer manner. Users can use function call instead of free-form code to execute pre-defined functions only. That helps increase the reliability and safety. Users can customize the code execution environment to tailor to their requirements.
```

-	Human involvement: AutoGen prioritizes human involvement in multi agent conversation. The overseers can step in to give feedback to agents and steer them in the correct direction. By default, users get chance to confirm before code is executed.

> -	Agent modularity: Modularity allows agents to have different levels of information access. Additional agents can assume roles that help keep other agents in check. For example, one can easily add a dedicated agent to play the role of safeguard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Agent modularity: Modularity allows agents to have different levels of information access. Additional agents can assume roles that help keep other agents in check. For example, one can easily add a dedicated agent to play the role of safeguard.
```
